Update index.md Disabling a destination (#5104)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/index.md

8. Configure the settings and enable your destination on the destination settings page.

[Learn more](/docs/connections/destinations/add-destination/) about what adding a destination entails.

> > Note : **Disabling a destination** If you disable a destination or your destination hasn't yet been enabled, a disabled destination will prevent any data from reaching the destination. For Business-tier customers, [a replay]([url](https://segment.com/docs/guides/what-is-replay/)) can be requested to resend that data from the time the destination was disabled to the time it was re-enabled. Replays can send data to currently disabled destinations. _Please note that some destinations are not compatible with replays after a certain number of days, and is worth checking with Segment’s support team [friends@segment.com](friends@segment.com) for whether that destination allows historical timestamps._

Reviewer: hi @lizkane222 - is there a general rule of thumb for the time frame that is supported (ie most destinations support 30 days worth of data, but some support fewer) or does it vary from destination to destination?

> > Note : **Disabling a destination** If you disable a destination or your destination hasn't yet been enabled, a disabled destination will prevent any data from reaching the destination. For Business-tier customers, [a replay]([url](https://segment.com/docs/guides/what-is-replay/)) can be requested to resend that data from the time the destination was disabled to the time it was re-enabled. Replays can send data to currently disabled destinations. _Please note that some destinations are not compatible with replays after a certain number of days, and is worth checking with Segment’s support team [friends@segment.com](friends@segment.com) for whether that destination allows historical timestamps._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> note "Disabled destinations do not receive data"
> If you haven't enabled your destination for the first time after you created it or if you actively disable a destination, Segment prevents any data from reaching the destination. Business Tier customers can request [a Replay]([url](https://segment.com/docs/guides/what-is-replay/)), which resends data from the time the destination was disabled to the time it was re-enabled. Replays can also send data to currently disabled destinations. 
>
> Some destinations are not compatible with Replays after a certain period of time. Check with Segment’s support team [friends@segment.com](friends@segment.com) to confirm that your intended destination allows historical timestamps. 
```
